Documentation: Add information regarding sandboxing, asar issues, improved code examples (#204)
webdriverio-community/wdio-electron-service: README.md

### API Configuration

If you wish to use the Electron APIs then you will need to import (or require) the preload and main scripts in your app. Somewhere near the top of your preload.

> To import node_modules in your `preload.js`, you have to disable the sandboxing in your `BrowserWindow` config.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To import 3rd-party packages (node_modules) in your `preload.js`, you have to disable the sandboxing in your `BrowserWindow` config.
```
Can we add how to disable this?

> It is recommended to not disable sandbox mode in Production, so it can be set with an Environment Variable from your package.json.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It is not recommended to disable sandbox mode in production, to control this behaviour you can set the `NODE_ENV` environment variable.
```

```json
"wdio": "NODE_ENV=test wdio run wdio.conf.js "
```

Set the sandbox option depending on the NODE_ENV variable

```ts
const isTest = process.env.NODE_ENV === 'test';

new BrowserWindow({
  webPreferences: {
      sandbox: !isTest
      preload: path.join(__dirname, 'preload.js'),
  }
  // ...
});
```

Load `wdio-electron-service/preload` conditionally in your `preload.js`

```ts

> if (process && process.env.NODE_ENV === 'test') {

Reviewer: process refers to the current script, therefore I do not thing it can be falsy

Author: @erwinheitzman I think it is undefined in preload.js if `sandbox` is set to true

## Common Issues

### Error: ContextBridge not available for invocation of "app" API

When using Electron-Forge or Electron-Packager with Asar, it is possible that the `wdio-electron-service` module is not included in your generated app.asar.
You can solve this, by either running the packager with the `prune: false` option or the `--no-prune` flag, or by moving "wdio-electron-service" from `devDependencies` to `dependencies`.
It is recommend to do the former, for instance by passing an Environment-Variable to the packager

#### Electron Packager
```bash
$ npx electron-packager --no-prune
```

#### Electron Forge

```json
"package": "NODE_ENV=test electron-forge package"
```

```ts
// forge.config.js
module.exports = {
    packagerConfig: {
        asar: true,

>         prune: process.env.NODE_ENV === 'test',

Reviewer 2: Shouldn't be it like is?
```suggestion
        prune: process.env.NODE_ENV !== 'test',
```
